1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* (operator)
'hello' (value)
-87.8 (value)
-  (operator)
/ (operator)
+	(operator)
6 (value)

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
Answer:
 A string is a data type that represents a sequence of characters enclosed within single quotes (' '), double quotes (" "). Strings can contain letters, numbers, symbols, and spaces, and are commonly used to represent text data.
A variable, on the other hand, is a name that refers to a value stored in the computer's memory. Variables allow you to store and manipulate data during program execution, making your code more dynamic and reusable.

3. Describe three different data types.
Answer: 
Integer (int): This data type represents whole numbers, both positive and negative, without any fractional or decimal parts.
String (str): This data type represents a sequence of characters enclosed within single quotes (' '), double quotes (" "), or triple quotes (''' ''' or """ """).
Boolean (bool): This data type represents one of two possible values, either True or False. Booleans are often used in conditional expressions and logical operations.

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Answer:
In Python, an expression is made up of one or more elements that can include variables, values, operators, and function calls. Expressions are combinations of these elements that produce a single value when evaluated.
All expressions in Python perform some computation and return a result. They can be as simple as a single variable or value or more complex combinations involving multiple operations. Expressions are an essential part of programming as they allow you to manipulate data, perform calculations, and make decisions based on the results.
5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
Answer: 
- An expression is a combination of elements that evaluates to a value. It can be as simple as a single variable or value, or it can involve multiple operations. Examples: '2 + 3'
- A statement is a complete line of code that performs an action. It can include expressions but also encompasses other programming constructs. Examples: Assignment statement 'spam = 10', if statement 'if x > 0:'
6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
Answer: 22

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'  => spamspamspam
'spam' * 3 => spamspamspam

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Answer: 
In Python, variable names must follow certain rules to be considered valid. Here are the key rules:
- Variable names can only contain letters (a-z, A-Z), digits (0-9), and underscores (_).
- Variable names must start with a letter or an underscore (_), not with a digit.
- Variable names are case-sensitive, meaning `spam`, `Spam`, and `SPAM` are considered different variables.
9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
Answer:
In Python, int(),float() and str() functions are used to get the required version of a value.
10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'

Answer: 
Convert 99 to string and then concatenate it.
'I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.'
